Name
    CatalystX::Usul - A base class for Catalyst MVC components

Version
    This document describes CatalystX::Usul version v0.13.$Rev: 1 $

Synopsis
       package MyApp::Controller;

       use Moose;

       BEGIN { extends qw(CatalystX::Usul::Controller) }


       package MyApp::Model;

       use Moose;

       extends qw(CatalystX::Usul::Model);

Description
    These modules provide a set of extension base classes for a Catalyst web
    application. Features include:

    Targeted at intranet applications
       The identity model supports multiple backend authentication stores
       including the underlying operating system accounts

    Thin controllers
       Most controllers make a single call to the model and so comprise of
       only a few lines of code. The interface model stashes data used by
       the view to render the page

    No further view programing required
       A single template toolkit instance is used to render all pages as
       either HTML or XHTML. The template forms one component of the "skin",
       the other components are: a Javascript file containing the use cases
       for the Javascript libraries, a primary CSS file with support for
       alternative CSS files, and a set of image files

       Designers can create new skins with different layout, presentation
       and behaviour for the whole application. They can do this for the
       example application, Munchies, whilst the programmers write the
       "real" application in parallel with the designers work

    Flexible development methodology
       These base classes are used by an example application, Munchies,
       which can be deployed to staging and production servers at the
       beginning of the project. Setting up the example application allows
       issues regarding the software technology to be resolved whilst the
       "real" application is being written. The example application can be
       deleted leaving these base classes for the "real" application to use

Subroutines/Methods
    This package is a placeholder for POD and contains no methods or
    functions

Configuration and Environment
    None

Diagnostics
    None

Dependencies
    Class::Usul

    To make the Captchas work GD::SecurityImage needs to be installed which
    has a documented dependency on "libgd" which should be installed first

Incompatibilities
    There are no known incompatibilities in this module

Bugs and Limitations
    There are no known bugs in this module. Please report problems to the
    address below. Patches are welcome

Acknowledgements
    Larry Wall - For the Perl programming language

Author
    Peter Flanigan, "<pjfl@cpan.org>"

License and Copyright
    Copyright (c) 2013 Peter Flanigan. All rights reserved

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself. See perlartistic

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
    WITHOUT WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
    or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE

